Add Contributing language (#53)
patch-technology/patch-node: README.md

patch.preferences.retrievePreferences({ page });
```

## Contributing

> While we value open-source contributions to this SDK, the core of this library is generated programatically. Complex additions made directly to the library would have to be moved over to our generation code. Feel free to open a PR for proof of concept, but know that we will not be able to merge as is. We suggest opening an issue first to discuss with us!

Reviewer: This is nice and clear, while being polite. Nice phrasing! A few small suggestions in the suggestion below.

```suggestion
While we value open-source contributions to this SDK, the core of this library is generated programmatically. Complex additions made directly to the library would have to be moved over to our generation code, otherwise they would be overwritten upon the next generated release. Feel free to open a PR as a proof of concept, but know that we will not be able to merge it as-is. We suggest opening an issue first to discuss with us!
```
